PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH..."
MY PHARAOH,
ARE YOU READY FOR
YOUR FINAL TASK?
YES.
MARIK AND I
CAN LEAD YOU
TO THE FINAL
RESTING PLACE
OF THE 7
MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
BEFORE WE GO
ANY FURTHER,
THERE'S SOMETHING ELSE YOU
SHOULD KNOW ABOUT ALL THIS.
IN ORDER FOR THE PHARAOH
TO ENTER THE SPIRIT WORLD,
HE MUST FIRST FACE OFF
AGAINST A WORTHY OPPONENT
IN BATTLE AND LOSE.
I DON'T GET WHAT
THE CHALLENGE IS
IN LOSING A DUEL.
Duke: THINK
ABOUT IT GUYS.
WINNING IS EASY
FOR THE PHARAOH,
BUT BEING ABLE
TO ACCEPT DEFEAT
IS PROBABLY
THE GREATEST TEST
OF HIS CHARACTER
THERE IS!
I CHALLENGE YOU TO
THE ULTIMATE DUEL!
I'VE ALREADY
MADE MY CHOICE.
I'M GONNA DUEL
THE PHARAOH.
[THINKING]
I HAVE SUCCEEDED
IN BUILDING
MY STRONGEST DECK EVER.
AND NOW THE TIME HAS COME
TO PUT IT TO THE TEST.
YUGI, IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Joey: ARE WE THERE YET?
Many: NO!
Joey: HOW 'BOUT NOW?
Ishizu: BEHOLD.
THE SHRINE OF
THE MILLENNIUM STONE.
FOLLOW ME.
Tristan: DUDE, THIS DUEL
IS GONNA BE AWESOME.
Joey: YEAH, YUGI
VERSUS THE PHARAOH?
THAT'S AS GOOD
AS IT GETS.
Tea: HMM.
HUH?
Tristan:
WHAT'S UP, TEA?
YOU GOTTA USE THE
LITTLE GIRL'S ROOM?
NOT QUITE.
I WAS JUST WONDERING
WHY WE HAD TO RUSH
INTO ALL THIS
SO SOON.
THIS COULD BE
OUR FINAL CHANCE
TO HANG OUT WITH
THE PHARAOH
BEFORE HE LEAVES
US FOR GOOD.
THAT'S TRUE.
I WAS SO PUMPED UP
FOR THIS DUEL,
I FORGOT THIS MIGHT
BE HIS LAST ONE.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
MY FRIENDS...
I KNOW HOW DIFFICULT
THIS MUST BE,
HOWEVER, YUGI
AND THE PHARAOH
MUST CARRY OUT
THIS BATTLE RITUAL
AS QUICKLY
AS POSSIBLE.
IF TOO MUCH TIME
SHOULD PASS...
OUR WINDOW OF
OPPORTUNITY WILL CLOSE.
WE ALL KNOW HOW
YOU FEEL, TEA...
BUT THIS IS WHAT'S
BEST FOR THE PHARAOH.
HE DOESN'T BELONG
IN OUR WORLD,
AND NOW HIS SPIRIT FINALLY
HAS A CHANCE TO GO HOME.
[SIGHS]
YOU'RE RIGHT.
LET'S DO THIS.
I PROBABLY
DON'T SAY THIS
AS OFTEN AS
I SHOULD, TEA...
BUT, YOU KNOW...
YOU'RE ONE OF
THE BRAVEST PEOPLE
I EVER MET.
I KNOW THIS IS
TOUGH FOR YOU,
AND I JUST WANT
TO SAY I'M PROUD.
IF YOU DORKS START HOLDING
EACH OTHER'S HANDS,
THEN I'M OUT OF HERE.
I DIDN'T COME
HERE TO LISTEN TO
YOUR LAME
FRIENDSHIP SPEECHES.
MAYBE IF YOU
HAD SOME FRIENDS,
YOU WOULDN'T
FEEL THAT WAY!
Tristan:
THAT WAS HARSH, MAN.
Joey: OH, LIKE
HE DIDN'T DESERVE IT?
LET'S GO.
[GASPS]
Yugi: THAT'S IT!
THE RESTING PLACE OF
THE 7 MILLENNIUM ITEMS!
ALL RIGHT, YUGI.
BEFORE THE RITUAL
CAN BEGIN,
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS
MUST BE RETURNED
TO THE STONE FROM
WHENCE THEY CAME.
THE EYE OF UDJAT
WILL THEN PEER INTO
YOUR SOUL, YUGI...
THUS UNRAVELING THE PHARAOH'S
SPIRIT FROM YOUR OWN.
NOW, IF YOU
ACCEPT THE TERMS
OF THIS RITUAL...
THEN I'LL ASK YOU
TO PLACE THE 7 ITEMS
WITHIN THE MILLENNIUM
STONE.
[THINKING]
ALL OF THIS BEGAN THE DAY
YUGI SOLVED THAT PUZZLE.
AND IT WILL ALL END
THE MOMENT HE RETURNS IT.
ALL RIGHT...
HERE GOES.
[THINKING]
PLEASE, PUZZLE...
GRANT MY WISH.
AND MY WISH
DID COME TRUE.
THE DAY I MET
MY FRIENDS.
AND THANKS
TO YOU, PHARAOH,
I'M READY TO
GIVE IT BACK.
HUH?
I TAKE IT THAT'S
SUPPOSED TO
HAPPEN, RIGHT?!
THE EYE IS GAZING
DEEP WITHIN
SEARCHING FOR
THE SPIRIT
WHO DWELLS
IN YUGI'S MIND.
ONCE THEY ARE SEPARATED,
THE ULTIMATE DUEL
CAN BEGIN!
WHAT'S THE DEAL?!
Ishizu: THE TRUE
NATURE OF YUGI'S SOUL
HAS BEEN REVEALED!
HEY, I'M SEEING DOUBLE!
NO, IT'S THE PHARAOH.
NO WAY!
[GASPS]
ATEM.
GO GET 'EM,
YUGI!
UH, YOU, TOO,
PHARAOH!
HEY, WAIT.
SO, WHICH ONE OF THEM ARE
WE SUPPOSED TO ROOT FOR?
[THINKING]
IF THE PHARAOH WINS,
HE GETS TO STAY,
WHICH MEANS WE WON'T
HAVE TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
WE GOTTA ROOT
FOR YUGI, GUYS!
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO SET THE PHARAOH'S
SPIRIT FREE!
[THINKING]
JOEY'S RIGHT.
I SHOULD WANT WHAT'S
BEST FOR THE PHARAOH...
AND THAT'S FOR HIS
SPIRIT TO MOVE ON.
I HAVE TO BE STRONG!
IT'S TIME.
THE BATTLE TO DETERMINE
THEIR DESTINIES
WILL NOW BEGIN.
[THINKING]
THIS IS THE FIRST
TIME IN MY LIFE
THAT I HAVE HOPED FOR
MY OPPONENT'S VICTORY.
BUT IN ORDER FOR THIS DUEL
TO TRULY TEST OUR
READINESS TO SEPARATE,
I MUST FIGHT WITH ALL
OF MY STRENGTH.
[THINKING]
PHARAOH...
NOW THAT YOU'VE LEFT
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE,
I CAN'T HEAR YOUR
THOUGHTS ANYMORE.
BUT SOMEHOW I STILL KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE THINKING.
AND I FEEL THE SAME WAY.
IF YOU TAUGHT ME
ANYTHING,
IT'S TO PUT YOUR
HEART INTO YOUR DECK
AND DUEL WITH
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M GONNA DO!
Seto: I GUESS WE'RE
ABOUT TO FIND OUT
WHO THE TRUE
KING OF GAMES IS.
HERE WE GO.
COME ON.
ARE YOU READY
FOR THIS?!
THAT'S WHAT WE'RE HERE
TO FIND OUT, RIGHT?!
Both: LET'S DUEL!
BEST OF LUCK, YUGI.
NOW!
I'LL START BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD FROM MY HAND
IN ORDER TO SUMMON A MONSTER
KNOWN AS THE TRICKY!
THEN I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
[THINKING]
HIS MONSTER MAY
HAVE 2,000 POINTS,
BUT I KNOW HOW
TO STOP IT!
CHECK THIS OUT!
I ACTIVATE...
MY SWORDS OF
REVEALING LIGHT!
[GASPS]
NOW, THAT MONSTER CAN'T
ATTACK FOR 3 MORE TURNS!
AND NEXT I'LL CALL
MY GREEN GADGET
TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND THANKS TO HIS
SPECIAL POWER...
I CAN MOVE RED
GADGET TO MY HAND!
THEN I PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN.
AND THAT'S
ALL FOR NOW!
YOU THINK
THAT'S GOOD?
WATCH THIS!
[THINKING]
I MAY NOT BE ABLE
TO ATTACK YUGI
WITH MY MONSTER,
BUT I CAN ATTACK
HIM WITH HIS OWN.
I ACTIVATE THE MAGIC
CARD REBELLION!
[GASPS]
NOW, I CAN SELECT A MONSTER
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD
AND FORCE IT TO
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
AND I CHOOSE YOUR
GREEN GADGET!
[GASPS]
HOLD ON!
HUH?!
YOU TRIGGERED MY TRAP!
SO NOW...
I ACTIVATE STRONGHOLD--
THE MOVING FORTRESS!
[GASPS]
[WHISTLING]
THIS TRAP IS ALSO A MONSTER
WITH 2,000 DEFENSE POINTS,
SO MY LIFE POINTS
ARE SAFE!
I'M AFRAID YOUR
LIFE POINTS
AREN'T AS SAFE AS
YOU THINK, YUGI!
THAT'S RIGHT!
GREEN GADGET
WAS YUGI'S MONSTER!
I CAN'T SAY I'VE
EVER SEEN A DUEL
AS EVENLY MATCHED
AS THIS ONE!
Joey: WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?
THESE GUYS SHARED
A BRAIN FOR YEARS!
[THINKING]
WE NEVER HAD THOSE CARDS
IN OUR DECK BEFORE.
I WONDER WHAT
OTHER SURPRISES
YUGI HAS IN STORE.
[THINKING]
WITH THIS NEW DECK
I'VE ASSEMBLED,
THE PHARAOH'S
NEVER GONNA FIGURE
OUT MY STRATEGY!
[THINKING]
HIS CARDS MAY
KEEP ME GUESSING,
BUT DO THEY HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES
TO STAND UP TO THE MOST
POWERFUL CREATURES
IN DUEL MONSTERS:
THE EGYPTIAN GODS?!
Yugi: ALL RIGHT,
PHARAOH...
MY MOVE!
[GASPS]
I ACTIVATE...
TIES OF
THE BRETHREN!
FIRST, I PAY 1,000
LIFE POINTS!
AFTER THAT,
I'M ABLE TO SUMMON
TWO LEVEL-4 MONSTERS
FROM MY DECK!
AND I KNOW JUST
WHAT I NEED!
COME FORTH, RED GADGET
AND YELLOW GADGET!
TAKE THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
IT WILL TAKE MORE
THAN A STRONG DEFENSE
TO WIN THIS DUEL, YUGI.
I'M NOT DONE YET.
HUH?!
NOW, GADGETS...
JOIN MY STRONGHOLD!
[WHIRRING]
[ROARING]
Yugi: WHENEVER THESE
3 GADGET MONSTERS
ARE ON THE FIELD
AT THE SAME TIME...
THEY'RE ABLE TO RAISE
THE ATTACK STRENGTH
OF MY MOVING FORTRESS'S
TO 3,000 POINTS!
I TAUGHT THAT
KID EVERYTHING
HE KNOWS, FOLKS!
[GIGGLES]
STRONGHOLD THE MOVING
FORTRESS, ATTACK!
STEEL GEAR CRUSH!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY STRONGHOLD?!
HE'S TRAPPED--THANKS
TO MY BOUNCE SPELL!
THIS MAGIC CARD ALLOWED
ME TO TRANSFER THE EFFECT
OF YOUR SWORDS OF REVEALING
LIGHT TO YOUR MONSTER!
NOW, IT CAN'T ATTACK
FOR 3 MORE TURNS.
[THINKING]
WHOA!
NOW WHAT
AM I GONNA DO?
I WASN'T
EXPECTING THAT.
I GUESS THE PHARAOH
REALLY IS
TRYING HIS HARDEST
TO DEFEAT ME.
I SWITCH MY GREEN GADGET
INTO DEFENSE MODE
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
YUGI, IN MY HEART,
I HOPE YOU WIN.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
I PLAN TO GO EASY ON YOU.
IT'S MY MOVE.
AND I'LL START BY SENDING
MY MONSTER TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO ACTIVATE
THE MAGIC CARD
TRICKY SPELL 4!
THIS ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
AS MANY TRICKY TOKENS
AS YOU HAVE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD.
THAT GIVES ME 4
MONSTERS AS WELL!
WHOA, THE TALLER YUGI
JUST EVENED IT ALL UP!
NOT EXACTLY.
IF HE'S ABOUT TO DO
WHAT I THINK HE IS,
THEN HE'S WAY AHEAD
OF THE GAME.
I'M NOT FINISHED YET.
NOT EVEN CLOSE.
I'M TAKING THIS DUEL
TO THE NEXT LEVEL!
NO WAY.
I KNEW IT.
NOW I SACRIFICE
3 OF MY TOKENS!
SO I CAN PLAY OBELISK
THE TORMENTOR!
[ROARING]
NO!
NOW, WHAT?!
[GROWLS]
[GASPS]
THIS COULD PRESENT
A PROBLEM.
WELL, MAYBE FOR YOUR
AVERAGE DUELIST.
BUT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
YUGI HERE, REMEMBER?
I KNOW YUGI'S GOOD,
BUT HE'S UP AGAINST
AN EGYPTIAN GOD HERE!
OBELISK, ATTACK!
DESTROY HIS FORTRESS
WITH YOUR FIST OF FATE!
[GRUNTS]
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND THAT ENDS MY TURN.
YUGI!
Tristan:
YOU GOTTA HANG
IN THERE, DUDE!
THE PHARAOH
MEANS BUSINESS.
NO JOKE.
POOR GUY.
NOT ONLY DID HE GET
CLOBBERED BY OBELISK,
BUT THANKS TO SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT,
HE CAN'T STRIKE BACK.
I TOLD YOU
I WOULDN'T GO
EASY ON YOU.
[GASPS]
Mokuba:
CHECK IT OUT, GUYS!
YUGI'S BACK
ON HIS FEET!
Seto: BIG DEAL.
THERE'S STILL NO WAY HE
CAN STAND UP TO OBELISK.
THEN WHY IS HE SMILING?
PERHAPS YUGI
WANTS TO LOSE
SO THE PHARAOH
DOESN'T HAVE TO GO.
NO WAY, BAKURA.
YUGI MAY NOT WANT
TO SAY GOOD-BYE,
BUT THERE'S NO WAY HE'D
BE HAPPY ABOUT LOSING.
SO WHY THE SMILE?
HE'S HAVING THE TIME
OF HIS LIFE.
THINK ABOUT IT, TEA.
THIS IS YUGI'S SHOT TO
FINALLY PROVE HIMSELF.
HE USUALLY TAKES
A BACKSEAT DURING DUELS.
BUT THIS TIME,
YUGI'S IN CONTROL
OF HIS OWN DECK!
SO, NOW INSTEAD OF STANDING
BEHIND THE PHARAOH...
THE TWO OF 'EM
ARE STANDING
FACE TO FACE
FOR ONE LAST DUEL.
YEAH, BUT CAN YUGI WIN?
[THINKING]
IT'S GONNA BE TOUGH.
BUT IF ANYONE
CAN DO IT, YUGI CAN.
I'LL TAKE THINGS
FROM HERE!
FIRST I PLACE THESE
3 CARDS FACEDOWN.
AND THEN I SUMMON
MY SILENT SWORDSMAN
TO THE FIELD!
YEAH!
THAT'S HOW HE KICKED
BAKURA'S BUTT!
HUH?!
YOU KNOW--
THE EVIL ONE.
NOW, LET'S SEE IF
YOU CAN GET PAST HIM!
WHAT'S HE THINKING?
ONE ATTACK BY OBELISK
THE TORMENTOR,
AND YUGI LOSES THE DUEL!
[THINKING]
THAT GEEK IS
UP TO SOMETHING.
THIS COULD JUST
BE MY LAST MOVE!
TO BEGIN, I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
AND, NEXT, I'LL PLAY
MY CARD OF SANCTITY
MAGIC CARD!
NOW, WE BOTH DRAW
UNTIL WE'RE EACH HOLDING
6 CARDS IN OUR HAND!
READY?
AS READY
AS I'LL EVER BE.
WELL, HERE GOES.
I'M AFRAID IF
THIS WORKS,
THE DUEL IS OVER.
MAY THE HEART OF THE CARDS
GUIDE YOU, YUGI.
THANK YOU.
NOW, LET'S SEE IF
YOU CAN WITHSTAND
THE GREAT FURY
OF AN EGYPTIAN GOD!
GO AHEAD, GIVE ME
YOUR BEST SHOT, PHARAOH!
HUH?
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR,
ATTACK HIS SILENT
SWORDSMAN NOW!
[ROARING]
END THIS DUEL WITH
YOUR FIST OF FATE!
LOOK OUT!
[GASPS]
I REVEAL MY TRAP!
GROUND EROSION!
THEN I ACTIVATE
A MAGIC CARD
KNOWN AS TURN JUMP!
IT FORCES EACH PLAYER
TO JUMP AHEAD 3 TURNS--
DURING WHICH
NEITHER OF US
IS ALLOWED TO
MAKE A MOVE.
THIS LETS MY SWORDSMAN
INCREASE FROM LEVEL
ZERO TO LEVEL 3!
WELL DONE, YUGI.
BUT THAT'S NOT ENOUGH
TO DEFEAT OBELISK!
YOU'RE WRONG!
THANKS TO THE EFFECT OF MY
GROUND EROSION TRAP CARD,
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD IS WEAKER
THAN YOU THINK, PHARAOH!
TRAPS DON'T WORK
ON OBELISK!
I'M NOT USING
IT ON HIM!
I'M USING IT ON
THE FIELD UNDER HIM!
BUT HOW?!
IT'S SIMPLE.
AFTER GROUND
EROSION IS PLAYED,
THE MONSTER STANDING ON MY
OPPONENT'S SIDE OF THE FIELD
LOSES 500 POINTS WITH
EACH PASSING TURN.
[GASPS]
AND, THANKS TO
MY MAGIC CARD,
3 TURNS HAVE
JUST GONE BY!
SO, OBELISK LOSES
1,500 ATTACK POINTS!
MAKING ITS STRENGTH
EQUAL TO MY SWORDSMAN'S.
BIG DEAL, YUGI,
SO NOW THE DUEL'S
AT A STANDSTILL.
WAIT!
HUH?!
NOT SO FAST!
I ACTIVATED
A TRAP CARD OF MY OWN.
BEHOLD MY
SUMMONING CLOCK!
[GASPS]
IT'S AUTOMATICALLY
TRIGGERED
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS SACRIFICE MY CLOCK
AND ONE MONSTER
FROM THE FIELD!
THEN I CAN SUMMON
ONE NEW BEAST
FOR EACH TURN
THAT'S PASSED!
WHAT?!
3 NEW MONSTERS!?
EXACTLY!
AND I'LL START WITH QUEEN'S
KNIGHT AND KING'S KNIGHT,
WHICH LETS ME AUTOMATICALLY
SUMMON JACK'S KNIGHT!
ONE LEFT.
SO, I SUMMON SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON!
NO WAY!
ANOTHER EGYPTIAN GOD?!
[GASPS]
[ROARS]
Pharaoh: AS YOU KNOW,
SLIFER RECEIVES
1,000 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY CARD
IN MY HAND...
AND I'M HOLDING 3 CARDS.
YOU JUST TRIGGERED
MY TRAP!
IT'S CALLED
AMBUSH SHIELD!
AND I'LL ACTIVATE IT
BY SACRIFICING THIS CARD--
MY RED GADGET!
SO, NOW I GET TO ADD
ITS DEFENSE POINTS
TO MY SOLDIER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
THAT IS ONE
POWERFUL KNIGHT.
IT EVEN HAS
ENOUGH POINTS
TO DEFEAT SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON NOW!
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
HOWEVER, YOUR TWO
GADGET MONSTERS
ARE STILL
VULNERABLE.
NOW, MY KNIGHTS,
ATTACK!
[GASPS]
MY TURN'S JUST
ABOUT DONE.
ALL I NEED TO DO NOW IS
CALL ONE FINAL MONSTER
TO THE FIELD.
[GASPS]
I SACRIFICE...
MY QUEEN'S KNIGHT,
MY JACK'S KNIGHT
AND MY KING'S KNIGHT!
IS HE...
HE IS!
ALMIGHTY PROTECTOR OF
THE SUN AND THE SKY,
I BEG OF THEE,
PLEASE, HEED MY CRY.
THE ANCIENT CHANT!
HE KNOWS IT!
TRANSFORM THYSELF
FROM ORB OF LIGHT
AND BRING ME VICTORY
IN THIS FIGHT.
I BESEECH THEE,
GRACE OUR HUMBLE GAME.
BUT FIRST I SHALL
CALL OUT THY NAME!
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
BEHOLD, THE THIRD
EGYPTIAN GOD!
[THINKING]
NOW WHAT'S YUGI
GONNA DO?!
[ROARING]
[GASPING]
UNBELIEVABLE!
HE PLAYED
ALL 3 EGYPTIAN
GODS AT ONCE!
YUGI, THE TRUE TEST
WILL NOW BEGIN!